### The Slice Type
Another data type that does not have ownership is the *slice*. Slices let you reference a contiguous sequence of elements in a collection rather than the whole collection. 
Let's think about how to solve a problem of writing a function that takes a string and returns the first word that finds in the string. If the function doesn't find a space in the string, the whole string must be one word, so the entire string should be returned. 
```rust
fn first_word(s: &String) -> usize {
    let bytes = s.as_bytes();

    for (i, &item) in bytes.iter().enumerate() {
        if item == b' ' {
            return i;
        }
    }

    s.len()
}
```
The function `first_word` has a `&String` as a parameter. We don't want ownership, so this is fine. We return the index of the end of the word. 
Because we need to go through the `String` element by element and check whether a value is a space, we'll convert our `String` to an array of bytes using the `as_bytes` method. (We do this because strings in Rust cannot be indexed by default, so we need another way)
Next, we create an iterator over the array of bytes using the `iter` method. 
`iter` is a method that returns each element in a collection and `enumerate` wraps the result of `iter` and returns each element as part of a tuple instead. The first element of the tuple from `enumerate` is the index, and the second element is a reference to the element. 
Because the `enumerate` method returns a tuple, we can use patterns to destructure that tuple. So in the `for` loop, we specify a pattern that has `i` for the index in the tuple and `&item` for the single byte in the tuple. Because we get a reference to the element from `.iter().enumerate()`, we use `&` in the pattern	(because the whole slice we got earlier is a reference to the initial `String`).
In the end we either return the index `i`, which is the position of space in the string, or the whole length of the string if we don't find a space meaning there is only one word.
There is a slight problem with this implementation. We're returning a `usize` on its own, but it's only a meaningful number in the context of the `&String`. Because it's a seperate value from the `String`, there's no guarantee that it will still be valid in the future. 
Consider the following code that makes use of the `first_word` function above:
```rust
fn main() {
    let mut s = String::from("hello world");

    let word = first_word(&s); // word will get the value 5

    s.clear(); // this empties the String, making it equal to ""

    // word still has the value 5 here, but there's no more string that
    // we could meaningfully use the value 5 with. word is now totally invalid!
}
```
This program compiles without any errors and would also do so if we used `word` after calling `s.clear()`. Because `word` isn't connected to the state of `s` at all, `word` still contains the value `5`. We could use the value `5` with the variable `s` to try to extract the first word out, but that would be a *logical* bug because the contents of `s` have changed since we saved `5` in `word`. 
Having to worry about the index in `word` getting out of sync with the data in `s` is tedious and error prone. Managing these indices is even more brittle if we write a `second_word` function. Its signature would look like this:
```rust
fn second_word(s: &String) -> (usize, usize) {
```
Now we're tracking a starting *and* an ending index, and we have even more values that were calculated from data in a particular state but aren't tied to that state at all. 
Luckily there is another solution in Rust for this problem: string slices.

### String Slices
