### Defining and Instantiating Structs
Like tuples, the fields of a struct can be different types. Unlike tuples, you have to name each piece of data, so it's clear what the values mean. Therefore, you don't have to rely on the order of the data to specify or access the values of an instance. 
A struct's name should describe the significance of the pieces of data being grouped together. Then, inside curly brackets, we define the names and types of pieces of data. Here is an example of a struct:
```rust
struct User {
    active: bool,
    username: String,
    email: String,
    sign_in_count: u64,
}
```
To use a struct after we've defined it, we create an *instance* of that struct by specifying concrete values for each field. We don't have to specify the fields in the same order in which we declared them in the struct. So, a struct definition is like a general template for the type, and instances fill in that template with data to create values of the type. 
```rust
    let user1 = User {
        email: String::from("someone@example.com"),
        username: String::from("someusername123"),
        active: true,
        sign_in_count: 1,
    };
```
To get a specific value from the a struct, we can use dot notation. We could use `user1.email` to get access to the user's email. If the instance is mutable, we can change a value by using dot notation and assigning into a particular field. 
```rust
    let mut user1 = User {
        email: String::from("someone@example.com"),
        username: String::from("someusername123"),
        active: true,
        sign_in_count: 1,
    };

    user1.email = String::from("anotheremail@example.com");
```
Note that the entire instance must be mutable; Rust doesn't allow us to make only certain fields mutable. As with any expression, we can construct a new instance of the struct as the last expression in the function body to implicitly return that new instance. 
```rust
fn build_user(email: String, username: String) -> User {
    User {
        email: email,
        username: username,
        active: true,
        sign_in_count: 1,
    }
}
```
It makes sense to name the function parameters with the same name as the struct fields. However, having to repeat the same variables and field names is a bit tedious. If there are more fields in the struct that have to be repeated, it gets even more annoying. Luckily, there's a convenient shorthand.

### Using the Field Init Shorthand when Variables and Fields Have the Same Name
Because the parameter names and struct field names are exactly the same, we can use *field init shorthand* syntax to rewrite `build_user` so that it behaves exactly the same but without the repetition of `email` and `username`:
```rust
fn build_user(email: String, username: String) -> User {
    User {
        email,
        username,
        active: true,
        sign_in_count: 1,
    }
}
```
Here, we're creating a new instance of the `User` struct. Because the `email` field and the `email` parameter have the same name, we only need to write `email` rather than `email: email`.

### Creating Instances From Other Instances With Struct Update Syntax
It's often useful to create a new instance of a struct that uses most of an old instance's values but changes some. You can do this using *struct update* syntax. 
First here is an example without the update syntax:
```rust
    let user2 = User {
        active: user1.active,
        username: user1.username,
        email: String::from("another@example.com"),
        sign_in_count: user1.sign_in_count,
    };
```
Using struct update syntax, we can achieve the same effect with less code. The syntax `..` specifies that the remaining fields not explicitly set should have the same values as the fields in the given instance:
```rust
    let user2 = User {
        email: String::from("another@example.com"),
        ..user1
    };
```
This code also creates an instance in `user2` that has a different `email` value but same values as the instance `user1` for the rest of the fields. The `..user1` must come last to specify that any remaining fields should get their values from the corresponding fields in `user1`. We can still specify values for as many fields as we want in any order, regardless of the order of the fields in the struct's definition. 
Note that the struct update syntax is like assignment with `=` because it moves the data, just as we saw in the [<font color=yellow>“Ways Variables and Data Interact: Move” section</font>](obsidian://advanced-uri?vault=jrn23&filepath=Rust%2520Notes%252F2.%2520Understanding%2520Ownership%252F2.1%2520What%2520is%2520Ownership.md&heading=Ways%2520variables%2520and%2520data%2520interact%253A%2520Move). In this example, we can no longer use `user1` after creating `user2` because the `String` in the `username` field of `user1` was moved into `user2`. If we had given `user2` new `String` values for both `email` and `username`, and thus only used the `active` and `sign_in_count` values from `user1`, then `user1` would still be valid after creating `user2`. The types of `active` and `sign_in_count` are types that implement the `Copy` trait, so the behavior we discussed in the [<font color=yellow>“Stack-Only Data: Copy” section</font>](obsidian://advanced-uri?vault=jrn23&filepath=Rust%2520Notes%252F2.%2520Understanding%2520Ownership%252F2.1%2520What%2520is%2520Ownership.md&heading=Stack-only%2520data%253A%2520Copy) would apply.

### Using Tuple Structs without Named Fields to Create Different Types
